hi guys has been Heath from lead guru
and in this video I'm going to show you
everything I've learned about building
an email list with Facebook Ads I'm
going to show you my entire process that
I used to add thousands of email
subscribers to my list every month and
I'm gonna go through each stage in a lot
of detail so you don't need to know
anything about building an email list or
Facebook advertising to go through this
video I'm going to go through and
explain absolutely everything if you do
stick around to the end of this video
and understand the elements in it then
you will become an expert at building
incredibly valuable email lists with
Facebook advertising okay so let's get
started now this is gonna be a really
valuable video to anyone looking to
generate business online so whether
you're looking to generate leads or
sales or increase your brand awareness
whatever your online marketing objective
is this videos will be really useful
because building an email list will make
whatever it your online marketing
objective is I'm not easier and that's
because once you've got people on your
email list once you've got a bunch of
subscribers you can market to those
people you could advertise your products
and services to them for months even
years after they subscribed and it's
virtually free to do that won't cost you
hardly anything at all all you've got to
pay for is a monthly subscription to
something like MailChimp or Aweber an
email service provider and that's not
gonna cost a lot so that's gonna be in
the tens of dollars a month whereas if
you wanted to advertise via Facebook or
Google or YouTube to the same amount of
people to large audiences like you could
have on an email list on a weekly or
monthly basis it's gonna cost you
thousands of dollars to do that's gonna
be a lot lot more expensive so getting
people on an email list building an
email list is a very cost effective way
to promote your products or services in
the future to people that you know it
interested in what you have to offer and
it's really important it's a key
component of building a sustainable
business online that has long-term
prospects and continue to profitably
generate business and I would say that
from our own email list we generate at
least 50% of all our business whether
that's selling our courses or generating
new clients a lot of it comes from our
mother so I really recommend that you
build an email list now that's one part
of this tutorial the other part
obviously is using Facebook
platform to build that email list now I
think Facebook's one of the best
advertising platforms ever created and
it's perfectly well-suited to building
an email list because of course you can
be super specific with who you target
you can make sure that your advertising
to the exact right people so that you
end up with having the right people on
your email list of people that you know
are going to be interested in your
product or services which is of course
important now I should warn you this
video is gonna be very in-depth it's
gonna and you know you don't have to
have known any of this stuff before to
go through this video I'm gonna break
down each and every step is gonna be
very in-depth it's going to show you the
exact process that we use to add
thousands of people to our own email
list every month we've used this with
with our clients as well it's very
effective it works very well and it's
quite simple I'm gonna quickly go over
the steps now and I'm gonna go through
each stage and a lot more detail show
you exactly how to do it so the first
thing you need to consider whenever
you're looking to build an email list or
to get people to give over their their
contact information is you need to give
them a reason for them to do that so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna
create a lead magnet you may have heard
another term for it called an ethical
bribe it's basically something of value
that you give in exchange for someone's
email address and that's what you can
see here on the left hand side of your
screen this is my five-part Facebook ad
template that I've created is one of my
best performing lead magnets and I give
this to people in exchange for their
manager so this is basically like the
ethical bribe that gets them to
incentivizes people to join my own
address email list sorry now once you've
got a lead magnet the next thing you're
going to need is a landing page and what
you can see here on the right is a
landing page now this is the place where
you can offer your lead magnet in
exchange for someone's email address
they need a physical place to come and
do this and the design and the layout
and what's included on the landing page
all that's very important we're going to
go through that in a lot of detail now
once you've got those two elements and
creative once they're ready you then
need obviously a facebook advertising
campaign that's going to advertise your
lead magnet send people to your landing
page that's where they can opt-in and
get it and that's how the process works
there's basically three simple steps I'm
going to go through each in detail in
that order to start with the lead magnet
we're gonna then go to the running page
and then of course we're going to go to
the very important Facebook ad campaign
at the end so let's get started now with
lead magnets let's go through some of
the details okay so let me quickly
explain a little bit about this lead
magnet so let me just lick it make it a
little bit bigger on the screen so we
can ever have a proper look so it's
called the five-part face book and
template and what it's designed to do is
it's designed to help people create
better Facebook ads or improve their
existing Facebook ads now whenever you
create a lead magnet you want to create
something that delivers value to your
target market if you can deliver a lot
of value with your lead magnet then
you'll have change the relationship
between your company and your prospects
so that they're more willing to buy your
product or services but you also want to
create something that you know they're
going to be interested in now we know
that the vast majority of our target
market either is already advertising on
Facebook or is at least thinking about
advertising on Facebook so creating
something like this a lead magnet like
this that helps them create Facebook ads
or or improve their Facebook ads and it
is going to be really sort of appealing
to our target market so we know that
we're going to get people giving us
their email address and but it also
means that the people that end up on our
email list are going to be part of our
target market because no one's going to
go ahead and and download this if they
have no interest in in advertising on
facebook so you're also sort of
segmenting for the hyper responsive
people in your target market which is
which is really important now I'm not
going to go through this thing in its
entirety what I'm going to do instead is
include a link in the video description
where you can go in and opt in you can
go into this page you can give us your
email address and join our email it's
just you can see how all the process
works then of course you can go in you
can take a look at this lead magnet and
you can model from it something I would
definitely recommend but I will explain
sort of how it works so basically we've
got a little bit of information about us
a bit of an intro and then what we do is
we've and got three sections in here for
different types of businesses so that
the first section is local slash service
then we've got product slash ecommerce
businesses and then the third section is
digital slash information businesses so
three sort of categorizations of
businesses and what we've done is we've
taken an ad that we've created is
performed very well and in each one of
those and we sort of broken it down into
its five component part so you've got
the text
headline image etc etc and and we've
explained what we've included in each
part and why and that's really valuable
for for our target audience because they
can go in and they can go okay they use
this sort of image for this reason how
can I you know use that sort of image or
they've used this headline etc etc so
what you want to do guys you want to
come in you want to click on the link in
the video description to take you to
this page opt-in for this lead magnet
download it have a good look model from
it when you're creating your own and now
I want to quickly go through some of the
best practices when it comes to creating
elite memories and we'll also quickly
give you some ideas because I think a
lot of people can get stuck on this they
can be what could I create as a lead
magnet for my own business so we'll go
through my some ideas right now okay so
I just brought up PowerPoint
presentation it's got a few quick slides
which should really help you create your
lead Maddox I know this is an area that
a lot of people do get stuck on so I
mentioned previously that when you're
creating a lead magnet it's really
important obviously that it's really
valuable to your target market otherwise
you know they're not going to opt-in for
it now what I found is that the best
lead magnet help your target market
achieve something they want to achieve
but it helps them achieve it faster so
if you take the example of the Facebook
ad template and our target market are
either advertising on Facebook or
thinking about advertising on Facebook
and what it does is it helps them create
Facebook ads that are highly effective
faster than if they were trying to do it
themselves they were trying to do it
through trial and error or research
various options online it would take
them longer than if they just downloaded
the template so it really ticks that box
it's one reasons why it's done well
another thing you need to keep in mind
when creating your lead magnet is that
it needs to be very closely related to
your products and services because you
know you're not going to be able to
follow up with your new email
subscribers and say would you like to
buy this if it's not related that just
won't make sense and if you leave magnet
like the Facebook our template is
closely related then what it means is
that the people that end up on your
email list that subscribe for that are
going to be perfect prospects for your
business so the only people that are
gonna opt in for a facebook ad template
are people that are advertising on
Facebook or thinking about advertising
on Facebook and they are our target
so it sounds like a very obvious point
and it kind of is but just make sure
it's closely related otherwise you can
have a real job selling your stuff in
the next stage a good tip when it comes
to creating your lead magnet is to take
a small part of what you already offer
and turn that into a lead magnet this is
this is one this is something that I'm
sort of an exercise that I use whenever
I'm struggling to come up with an idea
for a lead magnet is you could assess
your entire service or this more applies
to service businesses but you can do it
products as well and think is there
something within our whole service that
we do that we could turn into a guide or
report and offer as a lead magnet so
taking the Facebook ad template as an
example we create Facebook advertising
campaigns for our clients now as part of
that overall service we will create the
ads for our clients the Facebook ad
template is what we've done is we've
taken that service turned it into a
guide and offered that as a lead magnet
so that's how we can't wander route ways
that we came at this this this example
that I've been using and it's worked
really well so if you are stuck that's a
good tactic okay so let's have a look
through some some lead magnet examples
so these are sort of different types of
lead magnet that you can use the most
common is obviously a report or a guide
and again lead magnets all about showing
your target market how they can do
something and how they could do
something faster a report or guide is a
great way to do that
templates we've already covered with my
five-part Facebook ad template resource
list this could be a good option and
often you will have information as a
business in an industry that your
prospects your your target market would
really like maybe it's a list of tools
that they could use to get the most out
of you know whatever it is that they do
in your industry
maybe it's the list of of locations that
they could go to or different activities
they could do often you'll have this
information that might not be that easy
to find online and to give some examples
in a minute
another option is video training you can
get in front of the camera show your
target market how to do something that
they want to know how to do it could be
a great lead magnet automated webinar
this option is used a lot and I'm not
the biggest fan of it I think that I'm
asking someone to register for a webinar
is a bit too much of a commitment
and I like lead magnets to be pretty
easy for people to opt-in for remember
you haven't really built that much of a
relationship with your prospects at this
stage so I like things like templates
and guides and resource lists because
it's just really quick and easy yep get
my email address get that thing read it
in five minutes
fab move on I think that most the time
if you're asking them to do something
like watch a 90 minute webinar you're
going to have a lower conversion rate
and you're gonna get less people on your
email list as a result quiz or a survey
this is a great option if you're if
customers within your target market are
undecided on which of a number of
options they should take and that can be
a great way to to get people on your
email list and also give them an answer
that then leads on to them buying your
products and services I'm going to
explain that more in in a second free
trial this is often used with software
companies then offer a free trial to
build their email list and obviously
they can then look to upsell those
people on you know their actual software
to keep using that service and then
pricing stash sales materials so this
applies more to trade only or wholesale
businesses but sometimes what your
customers really want is to know how
much your stuff costs and if you can
require an opt-in in order for them to
get the information you can build an
email list whilst giving your customers
exactly what they want so it's a great
option for sort of wholesale businesses
trade only businesses stuff like that
okay so those are some examples of
different types let's now go through
some specific ideas I've created now
what I've tried to do is I've tried to
use lots of different types of lead
magnets in lots of different types of
businesses and hopefully you can find
something here that that you can you
know change a little bit to suit your
individual business should be really
useful so we've got an example example
here of a violin teacher and we've got a
guide how to tune your violin in X
minutes now I've written X minutes
because I've absolutely no idea how long
it takes the tune of violin even if you
do tune of violin I mean oh I assume you
do and but let's say for example that it
takes on average 10 minutes to tune a
violin and you've got a guy that can
show people how to do it in two or three
minutes that would be a great lead
magnet for a violin teacher because you
took all the boxes and it's really
valuable it helps your target market
achieve something they want to achieve
quickly
and the only people that will opt-in for
this leap back in it are people that
play the violin so it leads on really
naturally for the violin teacher to then
sell their services to those people
next example we've got is a hiking boot
retailer this is a great example of a
quiz so let's say for example you
created a little quiz as a height let's
say you sell hiking boots you create a
little quiz where people can answer a
series of questions and at the end
they're given an answer of which type of
hiking boot
is most suitable for them so let's say
the answer question things like what are
you gonna use it for people might say
you know walk the dog every day in the
woods other we might say some serious
mountaineering well they're gonna need
different type of hiking boot and so if
you're free quiz can answer those
questions that your target market have
you build an email list but you also
really prime them to buy your product at
the end of it because you can say oh
given the information that you've given
us we would recommend this type of
hiking boot oh by the way is 20% off go
ahead and buy that would be a fantastic
and lead magnet in sort of mini sales
funnel for that business ok accountancy
practice this is an example of a report
five new accounting requirements for
small business owners in 2018 a lot of
value in that and you can see how it
leads on nicely to this business selling
their services health and fitness brand
a sample of a video training 3-minute
desk workout to minimize back pain if
someone's got back pain they're going to
be very interested in this sort of lis
packet they'll be willing to give their
email address in exchange for this video
and then of course you're building your
email list cycling retailer the top 10
cycling challenges to do an X X could
just be a very location this example of
a of a resource list so you know again
this cycling retailer might have
information about the 10 top cycling
chance to do in the UK their target
market is gonna want that information
I've been willing to give their email
address in exchange for it and you're
only gonna get people that you can then
really sell your products to with a lead
magnet like that ok the graphic designer
7 logo design templates for text on tips
now what I really like about this lead
magnet is it's calling out to the target
market so if this graphic designer
really wants to work with tech startups
then this is a fantastic lead bagnat
because that's how it's going to speak
to and that's who
end up on your email list is people that
you know that are involved in in tech
startups plus this value their next
option there's a little bit rogue the
reason why including this because I do a
martial art called Brazilian jiu-jitsu
and I know that this is one of the
issues that a lead magnet would solve so
here I've got the example of a kind of
like a resource list the ultimate list
of BJJ competitions in X X could be UK
now I know as someone who does this
martial art it's really difficult to
find out information about you know
various competitions and tournaments in
your local area it's not like one great
online resource you have to often ask
people at your local club and kind of
find information are there's one
happening then except to a sector so
this is a lead magnet that as it comes a
customer myself I would 100% download
this and of course then if it's a
martial arts gym they could you know
offer me you know membership and come
along to the classes they could sell
physical products to do with this
martial art like keys and belts and
stuff like that so a great little lead
magnet there and then we've got example
of a winning photographer so we've got
how to prepare your wedding venue for
beautiful photos a lot of value in that
lead magnet the target market be really
interested and it leads really nicely on
to selling their services obviously you
know the photographer can then say oh by
the way we can help you with that and if
you go ahead and hire us for your
wedding so a bunch of examples there
lots of different types of businesses
different varieties hopefully you can
use that model from that and really help
you create your own lead magnet I've
actually magnets I didn't to spend too
long on that but it's really important
you get that right Nestle let's now move
on to landing pages okay so let's take a
look at this landing page now this
landing page has performed incredibly
well it's converted over 60% of people
so more than 60 percent of people that
have land on this page have gone and
given their email address and opted in
for this neat magnet which is very very
good now what I would recommend a sort
of a benchmark to aim for with your
landing page is that you want to be
above 40 percent forty percent or more
if you're above forty percent your
landing page is doing really well you're
doing really well if it's less than that
then you probably want to make some
adjustments now of course the lead band
that you create that we've just been
over will affect the conversion rate
when your landing page if your lead
magnets not very good well
very well but if you're confident your
leave magnet is solid then them then
make some adjustments to your landing
page I'm going to go through this in a
lot of detail explain the component
parts of why it has done so well so
obviously the the landing pages is an
important component but it does not take
very long to create and as you can see
from this page it's very very simple and
go through all the elements and this is
of course the page that people are gonna
be sent to from the Facebook campaign
where they can opt in for the lead
magnet so let's get into it so the first
thing to note is that you want to reduce
distractions as much as possible on your
landing page so you can see up here
we've got no header navigation so
there's no links to an about page no
links to a contact page services
anything like that and that's on purpose
basically if you have links up here to
other pages people will click on them
and they won't come back to this page an
opt-in for your lead magnet you want to
simplify this page reduce distractions
because you want people to take one very
specific action and that's opt-in for
the lead magnet and give over their
email address so no header navigation
now I'm going to scroll down to the
footer in an ideal world I would get rid
of all the footer navigation as well I
wouldn't have home contact login Terms
Kadisha privacy policy exception well
actually I would probably keep terms and
conditions of privacy policy on there
because we are asking for contact
information at least privacy policy that
said that's a good idea but I'd get rid
of these other links the reason why I've
included in there is because I don't
want to run into any issues with
Facebook's advertising policies so as I
mentioned this is the page where people
are going to be sent to from our
Facebook ad campaign so on your landing
pages you do need to make sure that you
are compliant with Facebook's advertiser
policy so you do need some sort of
navigation they don't want people to be
sent to like a dead end page where they
can only opt-in that's the only thing
they can do Facebook won't like that you
can get your account suspended or even
banned something you really really want
to avoid so just make sure that you have
some foot an avocation that's why we've
got these links down here so but that's
it all they can do is either click on
these links which are in the footer so
they're unlikely to or opt-in for the
lead magnet which won't want them to do
so let's go through the the elements so
we've got free download at the top here
there's sort of like a a rule almost a
digital marketing that says if
something's free you can't tell people
it's free too much um you know everyone
loves something for free and you want a
hundred doesn't make sure that they know
that it's free so when they land on this
page I don't want anyone thinking that
they need to opt-in and then they're
gonna be asked for money for this
template no it's a hundred percent free
data up there then we've just got the
title of the lead magnet ass fairly
self-explanatory before it big red Lexus
grab people's attention when they land
on the page and then after that we're
really getting into the benefits of the
lead magnet now I need to quickly
mention sort of the psychology behind
getting someone into email list this way
people do not want to give you their
email address you know I think the
average person the average adult now
receives 143 emails a day that's a huge
amount of email so people don't want to
give over their email address they're
worried about being spammed that we've
all had that experience where we give
over email address and then we're just
bombarded with email so you know I know
you're not gonna do that but they're
worried that that's gonna happen so
that's why we've got the lead magnet in
the first place we're incentivizing
people to give over their email address
and part of that incentivization process
is to really sell this lead magnet
really list the benefits that are
included so let's just go through some
of these quickly so we've got copy and
paste these proven Facebook ads to
properly generate low-cost leads and
sales from Facebook your which is very
benefit rich you know copy and paste
these proof and Facebook ads great the
ads are proven I can copy and paste them
that's gonna save me time and you know
what am I going to get from this
template you've got to profitably
generate low-cost leads and sales from
Facebook that's what everyone
advertising on Facebook once so it's
really speaking to why they want to get
this thing then we've got this template
includes now I'm not going to read
through all of these in detail as I said
the link to this landing page is going
to be included in the video description
so click on that come to this landing
page and make sure you use it to model
make sure you model from this when you
create your own landing page but what
you'll see in this text here is it's all
super super benefit rich so you know
you're going to get our value first
strategy that uses facebook social
nature to consistently generate low-cost
leads and sales
and you know we're going to talk about
things here like at the bottom the
call-out method that lets your ideal
customers know that your ads are for
them and stop some scrolling past your
ad in their music that's exactly what I
don't want my ideal customers to ignore
my ads on Facebook I want them to notice
the apps that's what this template is
going to help you do so make sure you
come here and you and you read through
these examples and obviously gonna have
to customize them to your own business
but this sort of thing these sort of
four or five maybe six bullet points
here to really sell the heatmap they're
it's really really valuable then we come
back up to the top so we've got an image
on this page we've done a lot of testing
on landing page for lead magnets and we
found that including an image really
helps I think it I think the psychology
behind that is that if people feel like
they're getting an actual thing I mean
obviously they're gonna get it in the
digital format if people feel like
they're getting an actual thing and
they're more likely to give their email
address if it's if it's not that it's
tangible but it's a bit more tangible if
there's an image I hope that kind of
makes sense to kind of explain that okay
then beneath that obviously we've got
the the opt-in box there and now I need
to talk about the opt-in button quickly
because that's quite important so don't
just have submit we've used get instant
access that's a great option because
that is what they're going to get with
the the five-part Facebook ad template
but you can have something like that
like download now forget get my get my
template now something like along those
lines depending on what it is that
you're offering and and the other thing
about this button is that we've made it
very big and you want people who land on
your who arrive at your landing page you
want their attention to be drawn to and
the opt-in button the button that they
need to press you want their eyes to be
naturally drawn to it so we've made it
quite big we've also made it bright
orange you can't miss it it doesn't go
with the rest of the design on the page
the rest of sort of black had red and
and blue and there's this great big
orange button that's all about drawing
our prospects attention so when so when
you're creating that button you know
your if you've got anyone to design this
page they might not like that very much
because doesn't look that nice it
doesn't fit with the color scheme and
but I would recommend you do that at the
end of the day that's what you want to
do and then beneath that would just
included some sand
policy information and you know if
you're generating opt-ins in the EU
there's new GDP our legislation that you
need to abide by so make sure you've got
all that detail including your privacy
policy when you are building the email
list otherwise you could run into into
some trouble and people want access to
that you'd be surprised how many people
do actually I can go in on the data and
see how people do actually click on the
privacy policy link that kind of makes
sense you know they're giving away their
personal information they want to know
what we're gonna do with it but they
want to know that we're not going to you
know sell it to anyone we're not going
to give it to to third parties we're
gonna keep it ourselves and only use it
in a responsible manner okay so that's
the design of the page you'll see it's
very very simple doesn't take very long
to create what the other thing I
mentioned is the tools used to create
this landing page so we use we've got a
wordpress website actually buddy you
guys and watching this have WordPress
websites and we've used the optimize
press plug-in to create this landing
page optimized press is a brilliant
piece of software it's a simple plugin
and you can create fantastic looking
landing pages and you don't need to know
how to code anything so I don't know how
to code anything I haven't coded any of
this page it's a drag-and-drop system
and you can move things around and and
cuz look and feel and the location of
things on the page and they just looks
like a really neat simple clean crisp
landing page definitely recommend to use
optimized press it's not very expensive
I'll include a link to that in the in
the video description so you can go
ahead and grab over to my Express if you
do use a WordPress website that's what
I'd recommend okay I don't wanna spend
too long on this that's the landing page
pretty straightforward let's now move on
to the part that everyone gets excited
about which is the Facebook campaign
itself okay so here we are now inside
our Facebook ad account so what I'm
going to do now it's going to show you
the how to exactly how to create the
Facebook campaign that's gonna send
people to a landing page where they can
opt-in philia magnet and join your email
list now obviously we've already got
campaigns running that are advertising
our 5-part facebook ad template but what
i'm going to do now is i'm going to
create a duplicate version of that
campaign and go through each stage and
setting so you can see exactly how you
should create this so that when you go
to create your own facebook campaign you
know exactly how to do it and don't
worry about all this information down
here
come back in at the end of this section
after I've created a campaign and talk
to you a little bit about the results
we've been able to get how well it's
worked the benchmarks you should be
looking for in terms of cost per lead
cost per subscriber things like that but
for now let's create the campaign so
what you want to do is you want to start
by coming into ads manager which if I'm
already in but if you're not click on
these three little lines and then select
ads manager from the drop down menu then
you want to go ahead and select create
here and now what we're going to do is
we're going to create our campaign so
I'm just going to give it an you do is
obviously give it a name so I'm just
going to call it example campaign and
type leave that as auction campaign
objective now this part is really really
important so Facebook was obviously
defaulted this to traffic and we're not
going to use traffic we're gonna use
conversions I'm gonna explain a little
bit about Facebook campaign objectives
because they're so important so when you
select a Facebook campaign objective
what you're doing is you're basically
telling Facebook what you want now if
you select video views your Center
Facebook I want as many video views as
possible if you select traffic you're
saying I want as many link clicks if you
want page likes I want as many page
likes as possible etc etc now what
Facebook will do is within your budget
your daily budget and within your target
market that you've assigned of the
people that you want to advertise to
your audience they will put your ad in
front of people that they think are most
likely to take a design action so again
if you select video views they're going
to put your ad in front of people within
your target audience that they think are
most likely to watch your video
and and because Facebook's got so much
data on its users and so much data
regarding its advertising platform the
effect of this can have is massive so
you know we often go in to campaigns
that are running the traffic objective
when they should be using the
conversions objective because if you're
after leads like we are in this case
we're looking to build an email list or
sales you should be using the
conversions objective and we can half
the cost per lead or the cost per sale
just by changing the campaign objective
so it's really important that you get
this right and you understand that
getting the right one here
is critical so go ahead and select
conversions now in order to use the
conversions objective which is the one
you want to use you will need to have
the Facebook pixel installed on your
website if you're doing any form of
advertising on Facebook then you should
have the Facebook pixel installed anyway
and it allows you to track what people
are doing in the website it also allows
you to retarget the people that visit
your website which is a critical part of
Facebook advertising and of building
your email list I'm going to explain
that at the end of the video so make
sure you stick around for that and but
you need the Facebook picks when storing
your website now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to click the link in the video
description that will take you to
they'll show you a video that I've
created there shows you exactly how to
install the face of pixel on a WordPress
website that's website that we've got
that we use that we work with most often
and so if you do have a WordPress
website check out that video if you
don't have a WordPress website then just
Google whatever platform you're using
and how to install the Facebook pixel
some support documentation will come up
and you should be able to install it
once you've got the base code Facebook
pixel installed on your entire website
you also need to install some event code
okay so event there are different
various different event options so here
Facebook's defaulted to purchases but
you've got leads registrations custom
conversions etc we're gonna select leads
because that's what we want we want
people to join our email address or
email list and register as a lead now
once you've got the fascia pixel
installed on your website I mentioned
that you need to install some event code
so in this case you need to install the
lead event code and you will need to
install it on the web on the page on
your website that people are taken to
after they opt-in for your lead magnet
okay so I'm going to show you an example
of that so let's say for example that
we've got the this is the page oh I've
already prepared it so remember the
landing page I just showed you that's
where people are taken to the opt-in for
the need magnet once they opt-in for our
lead magnet they're then taken to this
page here so this page has now got a
little sort of information section up
here this has important your five-part
Facebook ad templates on its way and
what we're doing is we're actually
turning this into a bit of a sales page
as well something I'd recommend you do
if you want me to talk about this
strategy which is awesome in more detail
let me know if I leave a comment below
and I'll create another video for that
and but it says here while you wait read
the page below to learn how to create a
Facebook reference and sales funnel etc
etc now this page has got and lead
information on it so it's got the lead
event code on it so that anyone that
reaches his page a lead is registered
inside a Facebook ad account Facebook
can use that data to optimize our
campaign that's really really key it's
not very complicated to do again check
out the video or give it a googol and
you'll learn how to install this event
code what I'm going to do is just scroll
this this down slightly just because the
video of me here is in the way and just
show you how how to check whether the
facebook pics was installed on your
website properly now there's a little
Google Chrome extension called the
Facebook pixel helper that would very
much recommend that you use and that's
that will give you this little icon here
now if I click on this what you'll see
is you've got you know one pixel found
green little arrows that shows that the
Facebook pixel is installed now any once
you've got the Facebook pixel installed
every page will have this page view and
this micro data information on it the
reason why this one is different is
because it's got this lead information
on it and that's basically showing that
the event code of lead is on this page
anyone who lives in this page and lead
is registered so if you went to other
pages on a website you might some
purchased view content some of the other
options don't worry about all that but
just make sure you get this installed
and make sure that the Thank You page
that people are taken to after they
opt-in for your lead magnet has the lead
event code right I've tried my best to
explain that hopefully it's not too
uncomplicated
very important that you do do this and
that you do get it right so let's pop
that back up here and come back into our
facebook ad account and then leads is
what we want to select so I'm just gonna
I'm gonna go skip ad set and skip ad for
now I'm just gonna go save to draft and
that's the campaign setup pretty
straightforward once obviously you've
dealt with all the Facebook pixel side
of things and that's just popped it up
here just confirming yep
you can set a campaign spending limit if
you want to I don't normally bother cuz
I'm gonna go into my campaign and check
things and adjust things on a regular
basis I don't need to but you can do if
you don't want to spend too much by
accident so minimize that and then
click on example campaign and now we're
going to go ahead and we're going to
create an ad set so just go with example
campaign there use a distant campaign
and then create a new ad set so I'm just
gonna call this example ad set what I'd
normally do by the way for an ad set
name is I would normally give it the
name of whatever the targeting options
I'm using so if I'm advertising to males
aged 45 and up in you know the Southeast
of England then that's what I would have
as the name just so I can go in and see
quite easily afterwards the process
let's just save that to draft now the ad
set level when you're creating a
campaign is all about the targeting
options so the ad set is all about who
you are advertising to so it's just
loading up taking a little extra second
to load up here so what we've got here
is we've out and wrong so we've got
website and that's optimizing for Add to
Cart that's not all we want at all so
I'm going to get rid of that and I'm
gonna put in lead because that's the
conversion event that we want to
optimize for there we go
lead is what I want and you can see here
that it says you know will optimize
delivery of your ads to get the most of
these conversions of their last costs
exactly well well we want as many email
subscribers as possible and we want to
pay as little as possible for each one
so then if we scroll down budget and
obviously we're basically your cases in
pounds but our speaking dollars because
most people watching this will be what
will operate in dollars more frequently
so budget when setting your budget when
you're creating a lead magnet campaign
so a campaign design to build your email
list you don't actually need to spend a
lot of money at all to know whether or
not your campaign is performing very
well I'm going to talk about what you
should be paying cost per lead at the
end but you know if you've run a
campaign in you're spending $5 per lead
that's too expensive so after sort of 20
30 dollars spent you're probably going
to and find out whether or not your
campaign is working or not whether or
not you need to make some adjustments
now having said that when you do create
a Facebook campaign with the conversion
objective
remember Facebook is optimizing this
campaign for leads which will take some
time so once you've generated more leads
in this campaign Facebook will have more
data with which to optimize the campaign
okay so I would recommend for elite
magnet campaign spending twenty two
thousand dollars to get an idea with the
knowledge that things can improve over
time okay so I'm just gonna leave that
in there for now because there's not
gonna be a real campaign start date
whenever end date so I would I don't
schedule an end date because I'm gonna
be going back into the campaigns and
checking them on a regular basis if
they're not working on a pause then
manually but you can stretch it an end
date if you want and okay let's get into
the audience's section so the first
thing we've got here is the custom
audiences area now as I said at the end
this video I'm going to talk about
retargeting and custom audiences and
look-alike audiences and how they're
such fantastic audiences to advertise to
when you're looking to build an email
list now I'm just gonna just going to
skip this for the minute and moving on
to the demographics so locations now I
would just leave that as everyone in
your location in terms of locations to
advertise to now we've mentioned when
we're talking about the lead back knit
that you need it to appeal to people
that could become your customers well
again you want to only advertise to
people that could become your customers
so if you operate as a business on a
local basis then just put in your area
of operation in here as your targeted
location because you know there's no
point if you're any operate in you know
one city
there's no point advertising to an
entire country but and going yeah but
they will opt-in for my lead map it
doesn't matter you it doesn't matter
having people on your email list that
can't become your customers now for a
business like ours we can work with
anyone in an english-speaking country
that's our only basic basic requirement
we've got clients in Australia the UK
Canada America or all sort of English
speaking countries so we could advertise
to all those countries if you wanted to
what I usually recommend is if you can
if you are in that position stick into
one country to start with what you want
to do with your targeting at the
beginning when you're looking to build
an email list is go after your hype
responsive people go after the people
that you know
are highly likely to be interested in
the products and services that you offer
and so let's say for example that your
target market is you know your customers
are 25 to 65 is the age range of really
broad age range of people you probably
want to start with the the group within
that that represented the majority of
customers let's say your customer base
is 25 to 65 in terms of age but most of
your customers are sort of 35 to 45 okay
well go ahead and start advertising to
people that are 35 to 45 so in our case
I'm gonna leave that as the UK for this
Facebook ad template I'm going to set
this to 21 and set this to where is it
45 I can just scroll up still pretty
broad targeting at the end of the day
this Facebook ad template is applicable
to all small business owners you can
have a wide range of Ages but that's
what I would usually start with gender
I'm gonna go with all we have an almost
50/50 split men and women again the same
applies if you find that 60% of your
customers and men start with men vice
versa with women languages I'm gonna
leave that empty I'm only advertising to
the UK if you have a test in multiple
countries you want to specify a language
then that you can go ahead and add that
in here okay now we get into the detail
targeting so before we get into this
what we're going to do now is we're
going to jump into the audience's
insights tool the Facebook provide
because that's where we can find some
really fantastic detailed targeting
options and this is really where the
magic happens when it comes to Facebook
advertising is in the detail targeting
stuff that's really important that we go
through this and get this right okay so
here we are now inside of audience
insights the way you get here by the way
guys is just again click on these sort
of little three lines at the top same
way we got into ad manager but just come
in to audience insights just didn't
wanna do it
live because it for this to load up now
audience insights is a fantastic tool
for finding targeting options and people
that you want to advertise to on
Facebook new audiences to test now
whenever I'm creating a new campaign
advertising a new lead magnet I would
recommend that you select three four
different targeting options and test
each one because what you might find is
that one delivers a really good cost per
my subscriber and the other three don't
and then of course you can keep
advertising for that one so it's hard to
tell early on which ones are going to
perform really well so I always
recommend test testing is so important
with any Facebook advertisement but this
is a fantastic tool and I'm going to
show you exactly how to use it
so um it'll default to the US no matter
where you're based I'm gonna leave this
is the US for now normally you would
also change this location to whatever
location is you're operating in cuz
that's most relevant engine gender we
just set those so let's go ahead and do
twenty one to forty five because those
of you were going to be targeting as you
saw in the next section
gender we're gonna leave all open now
interests is where it gets quite
interesting I suppose
this is this is probably the most
valuable section here so what you want
to do is you want to add in your
interest to do with whatever it is you
offering so in this example were
offering the five part Facebook ad
template now obviously we know a lot
about and the people that are likely to
be interest in that template we've got a
lot of data but if we didn't which is
obviously the position that a lot of you
guys watching this may be in then you
want to come in here and run this
experiment now I know that one of the
things you've got to think of some
things that are related to your industry
your products and industry so they don't
have facebook advertising as an option
but they do have Facebook for business
as an option so you know if you think
about the people that we want to
advertise that ad template to its people
that are interested in Facebook for
business that business elements of
Facebook is obviously a highly highly
effective you know a very related topic
and so you can add in Facebook for
business in there and you can start to
see some great information so you can
see some age gender information is
basically the same as people that are on
Facebook you can find out some
interesting things that you know ok
people that are interested in Facebook
for business or into building their
career etc etc some not surprising
information married quite interesting
they're more like to be college educated
that makes sense and then there's a
bunch of other information there's tons
of great information in here but I don't
want you two guys to get overwhelmed and
sort of drown in information so I'm
going to be quite specific where
possible what I'm going to do is is go
into page likes because I think that is
the
most basically it's really where you can
find the targeting options that you
should start advertising to some of the
most interesting so obviously got some
great information in the categories so
we could for example look to advertise
to the points guy Gary Vaynerchuk is
obviously a fantastic example he's
probably the world most well known name
when it comes to Facebook advertising
and social media marketing
out there at the moment here's what it
ought to come down to is page likes I
want to come down to affinity so
affinity which make sure you can see
that affinity is how likely your
audience is to like a given page
compared to everyone else on Facebook so
obviously people that are interested in
facebook for business the business
elements of Facebook are 567 times more
likely to like the Facebook business
page than regular Facebook users sounds
pretty obvious but they've got some also
some really other great options that you
could potentially advertise to uber
that's probably not so related and you
will find some very you will cyan't find
some obvious aren't as related that you
have to kind of ignore the points guys I
haven't heard of that but you can see
here that okay that's in the category
blogger that's somewhat related to
Facebook advertising that could be an
option to test Small Business Saturday
definitely sounds like we could use that
as a targeting option people that like
that page American Express Spotify hmm
not so so those ones you're gonna have
to ignore you have to work this out
yourself Gary Vaynerchuk again in here
that could be a great one so what I
could then do is I could create and in
my campaign I could have a couple
different ad sets one the targets Gary
Vaynerchuk one the targets the points
guys one that targets people that like
Facebook business and see which ones
performs the best this is where you come
in and get your information so let's go
let's give you another example so let's
go in and let's say hiking boot because
we used hiking boots as an example when
we were creating the the lead magnets so
we can come in here you can scroll down
you can see affinity you can see the
people that interested in hiking boots
are 276 times more likely to like dammit
I haven't heard of Danner personally
obviously you know Timberland outdoor
project Patagonia these are going to be
some great options of people to
advertise to
you'll advertise your lead magnet too if
you've got that quiz on which hiking
boot is right for you and you advertise
to people that like Timberland and
Patagonia those are the sorts of people
that are gonna opt in for your lead
magnet take that quiz get them on your
email address it on your email list and
those are the people that you're going
to be able to sell your product or
services fantastic options in here
okay so let's just go back to Facebook
business because something else I want
to show you in here quickly so where are
we
Facebook for business is in their
interests is is normally the starting
point you can find these great targeting
options here but what you could also do
is you can click advanced and there are
tons of options of things you can search
in here you know if you're looking to
improve your lead quality and you want
wealthy people on your email list then
you can come in and select financial and
here you go you've got all the sort of
options of net worth and their income or
we only want to work with really wealthy
people that have a net worth of over two
million dollars that sort of stuff if
you have anything to do with your
business anything to do with home
ownership
you know homeowners renters the value of
the property anything to do with
property there are tons of options in
here guys so you can go through not
going to go through each one are you
advertising products that you know for
little children or then you want to go
for parents things like that make sure
you come through and check these all out
one of the ones that I really like
there's applicable to the Facebook ad
template its behaviors so I know that
there's a behavior called small business
owners and that is exactly the sort of
thing that we want to target here so
what I'm gonna do is going to get rid of
this interest because it will select
both of them it will include both
criteria in these results so I'm gonna
go ahead and get rid of that for a
second so obviously when we're
advertising Facebook our template of
course you know large business owners
download it but one of the things one of
the the most common sort of person is it
where that's going to download this
template is a small business owner so
here what's really interesting is we can
see some of the same options Small
Business Saturday Facebook business not
exactly sure what what does set quiz is
but okay by that I could go in and check
that out
Gary Vaynerchuk has popped up again but
there are some other options here you
know you've got Etsy which I'm pretty
sure is an online tool so there are
things that you know you'll see if you
go down Dollar Shave Club that's
interesting probably not that related
but but you can see that I'd have to
check out some of these individual names
but you can see there are some
commonalities here between behaviors and
the interests and where those overlap
those if people want to use so Small
Business Saturday is probably something
we want to target Facebook business Gary
Vaynerchuk and then of course you can
add in the interest as well so if I now
have a look at the data with that pop
back in then you can get you can get
where both groups overlap and we can see
here so we've got some people that you
might want to target mood or calm not
sure HootSuite so that's right I know
that's an online tool square so is that
digital marketer they're all about and
that's businesses that give us a lot of
information about digital marketing
online GoDaddy is a hosting company
these are some really good options so
for here I might use digital marketing I
might try using HootSuite that makes a
lot of sense that's like I'm pretty sure
that's like a social media post
scheduling software that you can use so
coming here guy is really mine this is
at all how I play around you know we've
already got our location and things like
that established but if you're not sure
and what locations you can come in here
and you can go and you can have a look
at a location so for example this is
remember this is within the US and so we
can see that in comparison to usual
people in st. Petersburg Florida I mean
you know this has gone down to the city
level you could do countries languages
people in Boise Idaho are more likely to
like Facebook for business and more
likely to be a small business owner
hundred percent more likely than regular
Facebook users and a whole bunch of
other ones Austin Texas yeah some of
these aren't overly surprising are they
Nashville Austin Texas Boise Idaho and
those ones that spring to mind so coming
here guys make sure that you you select
these options we're gonna do now is go
back into ads manager and include some
of these options in here so what was
some of the ones we had so we had Gary
Vaynerchuk he kept popping up so we
could look to use that so we've got Gary
Vaynerchuk in here now that's reduced
our audience size too
I think to start with two million is too
large I'd like to get it around the half
a million mark so let's see what we can
do there are bunch of different options
we could gary vaynerchuck we could
exclude people or we could narrow the
audience so let's say we want them to be
interested in gary vaynerchuck but we
also want them to be small business
owners so here's here's an interesting
point by the way guys you can see here
that there's two options there's small
business owners behaviors and the small
business owners interests and now with
certain options you'll have things like
and there could be let's say it's a
company you could have employer here we
go look here we go it's small business
owners employers perfect examples three
options so what with certain employers
you want to make sure you select the
right one so we want to set behaviors we
want to advertise to people that are
small business owners okay we don't want
to advertise small that interest to
small business owners or people that are
employed by small business owners we
want to go with behaviors so let's see
what that brings our already as has
doubted okay that's brought us all the
way down to 86 that's too small
so maybe gary vaynerchuk's are not the
right one to go with maybe we want to
add in facebook for business as an
interest what does that bring our
audience size to thirty five thousand
also too small okay good to know
and let's go for I think I saw it pop up
their Facebook page admins four hundred
seventy thousand people that would be a
great target market start with this is
we can I be advertising our 5-part
Facebook ad templates who do we're going
to advertise it to people that our
Facebook page admins and our small
business owners great great targeting
option so that could this could be one
answer and then what I could do is I
could duplicate this ad set remember we
want to test different options so let's
just get rid of these for a second just
to show you sort of how that would work
so let's say you know we had one
targeting that was Gary Vaynerchuk we
had one targeting that was both of those
we could have for example what was some
of the other options we had let's just
have a quick quick look again go back to
page likes
today we had Facebook business and let's
just try that actually no we've already
tried that let's have a look at we had
Small Business Saturday I think
somewhere it's always a Saturday there
we go
that's why after us trying to remember
so let's see if that comes up as an
option small business there we go
Saturday people are interested in that
they might ok so there's only seven
thousand six hundred people in the UK so
that's too small but that doesn't mean
we can't use this maybe we just need to
add in some other ones so whereas I
clicked here was narrow audience when
you've got a big audience and you want
to narrow it to make it smaller then you
now our audience and you add something
in there when you've got a small
audience you need some more interest
targeting options so some of the options
I remember that came up as options of
people to target with people like Tim
Ferriss so we could have that as an
interest that might not be the right one
because there were two I bet Tim Ferriss
has got more people that are interested
and they're not sure who Timothy Ferriss
actually is so I'm gonna get rid of that
and of course Tim Tim Ferriss has got so
many likes that he pushes us over so
let's say that's too big some of the
options we had were digital marketer and
she was one word if I remember rightly
digital marketer no hasn't come up in
here which is weird because it was on
audience insights most of the time what
you'll find is people in audience
insights interests digital marketing
might be too broad I mean that gets us
dead to our sort of target size but
let's say we didn't want to use that
what was some of the other options we
had oh we had HootSuite if I can spell
that correctly
HootSuite was an option as an interest
1.3 million
again too big so you're gonna have to
narrow these down somewhat so for
example let's say we wanted to advertise
to these two audiences about the too big
so let's make sure that they are also
small business owners behavior too
so you're gonna have to play around with
these guys to make sure that you've got
the right audience sighs I've shown you
already an example of a roundabout that
half a million don't get fixated on this
and that half a million figure by the
way is dependent on the country you're
advertising in and the the area in which
you operate so if you just operate on a
local basis almost basically don't worry
about this potential reach number I mean
you probably don't want anything less
than fifty thousand people but if it's
really small that just makes sense
because you're only operating in one
city and if you're I'm advertising here
to the UK is what we've got if this was
the US then the audience is gonna be
much larger I'm advertising in the u.s.
I try and keep it below the two million
total mark those are the good sort of
start points there nice big audiences so
if it is working you can scale nicely
not too big so it becomes a bit
aggressive so let's add in the one that
we found that which is working really
nicely which I believe was Facebook we
want these people to be Facebook page
admins and we want them to be small
business owners behavior four hundred
seventy thousand people perfect great
starting size and we know that the
people that are small business owners
and also Facebook page admins tick those
two boxes which is absolutely fantastic
okay they've got Facebook who fairly
recently introduced this little par here
this has expand interest when it may
increase conversions at a lower cost per
conversion at the moment the jewelry's
jury is still out on this one and we've
seen some mixed results we've run
campaigns will it take to run campaigns
without it ticked to test see which
works better and in some cases it seems
to work we're not quite sure why the
downside obviously the plus side is that
Facebook has a lot of data on its users
the downside is we do kind of wonder if
by ticking this they're kind of and they
can get a little bit too broad with your
targeting so you might end up with
people that are on your email list that
aren't necessarily going to become
customers of yours so for it for a an
email list lead magnet campaign like
this I'd leave it on tipped connection
type you can ignore for this campaign
placements so this is a kind of a key
area so Facebook recommends that you
automatic placements I don't I would
recommend that you go in and edit
placements what you see is that Facebook
have got tons of placement options so
they've got you know the news feeds
instant articles they've got Instagram
Facebook messenger audience Network tons
of tons placement options what you're
nearly always find on Facebook is that
the vast majority of the results that
you get no matter what your advertising
and this is definitely true with a with
a neat magnet campaign come from the
Facebook news feeds so I would literally
turn off everything that isn't the
Facebook news feeds it's just taking a
second to do that I'd also turn off
Instagram now for certain businesses if
you've got like a fashion brand or
anything that's super super visual you
might want to test Instagram but I would
recommend getting rid of messenger and
keeping it just as basically the
Facebook news feeds so I wouldn't really
worry about this borning you know it's
within Facebook's interest to kind of
recommend that you use all the
placements because they've got you know
space with which to put ads and they
want to put ads in there but in my
experience they don't convert very well
so so I wouldn't another reason by the
way you want conversions objective as
your campaign objective is because if
you you know you give something else you
might get really cheap clicks on some of
these other placements but but yeah you
might not get conversions at specific
mobile device operators just leave it as
all that's absolutely fine and then
optimize optimization for a delivery so
conversions and they've recently
introduced something that says optimize
for both link clicks and conversions if
optimizing just conversions doesn't get
enough results so explain what this
means so Facebook have basically said
that for a conversions campaign
objective for them to be able to
optimize that properly you need to have
50 or more conversions per week which is
quite a lot for most businesses but not
really when you're generating opt-ins
for a lead magnet because each
conversion is going to be quite cheap
you know if you're paying a dollar fifty
two dollars a lead and and and you know
once your campaign is up and running and
you look at the scale if you put there's
a good chance you will be generating
more than 50 conversions per week in
which case I'd probably leave it even
empty
and if you're gonna be operating on a
small budget they say $5 a day and
you're not gonna generate 50 conversions
or more per week then I'd go ahead and
take this you know check that little
thing there which basically just says it
will optimize for link clicks until it
has enough data to optimize for
conversions but if you are gonna get
over 50 I'd recommend leaving that off
conversion window you can leave as is
it's absolutely fine bid amount
automatic just leave that as automatic
manual gets very complicated very
difficult some people try and be fancy
you don't need to worry about it
impression delivery type all that is
absolutely fine so that is your ad set
now one thing that's really important is
once you've got everything set up in
here with the detail getting's remember
guys duplicate this out create a few
different variations on some of your
other ones don't worry so much about
audience size it's too big too small
that's okay
what's really important at this stage is
to work out which audiences work really
well because honestly we've seen crazy
results where you create five different
ad sets and one of them's generating
leads for $8 ones generating leads for
$1 20 ones generating leads for $4 and
the difference can be massive between
the different targeting options and you
really want to find those winning ones
because it's gonna affect how much it
costs for you to get subscribers on your
email
so duplicate this adds that obscurity
show up to do that actually so if you
close that down let's say when it's
great you very simply just make sure
it's selected click the duplicate button
original campaign 1 click duplicate and
this will pop up now with example ad set
it'll call it copy just make sure you
rename it with the targeting options
that you choose and that way so for
example let's say we wanted to break out
female there you go name it that so when
you come back into your ad account you
can see the data really useful so I'm
gonna close that down and I'm going to
delete that and set for now because we
don't need it and now what we're gonna
do is we're gonna click on this ad set
here and we're going to create an ad as
you can see there's no ad created right
now okay so now let's create our ad so
click on this create ad and then of
course we want to use the existing
campaign that we've used and then
we want to use existing ad set select
example ad set and we want to create a
new ad and let's call this example ad
and be really really really creative
again guys I just you know if I was
making this campaign for real not
demonstrating I would just name it
something that's relevant so it might be
like Facebook ad template lead magnet
campaign this would be the ad set would
be the targeting options that I'm
looking to target and then the ad would
just describe the Adam Goodes create
maybe it might mention the image or the
text or the video whatever it is and
then just click Save to draft
okay so then I'll bring up a window that
looks like this now if you manage
multiple Facebook mister pages like idea
then just make sure you've got the right
one selected there obviously for most of
you that won't be applicable and now we
need to create the ad now I think it's
really important when you're advertising
a lead magnet to use the right ad
formats now we've tested bunch of
different ad formats we tested image ads
and carousel ads but by far the best
performing campaigns that we've created
to advertise lead magnets are ones that
use video ads so I'm going to show you a
video that I've used in a minute I've
created that performs really really well
and basically the way the video works is
we found that videos they're 2 to 4
minutes long perform best those the
videos that perform best that sort of
length and what you want to do is you
want to deliver some real value to your
target market up front it's completely
independent of your lead magnet
obviously it should be related but in
that content your advert are you know
your you're helping your target market
achieve something might achieve telling
them about something that they might be
interested to know about and at the end
of that video you've got a call to
action where people can go and download
your lead magnet so for example at the
end of this video and I say you know by
the way just before you go and we've got
something I think you might be very
interesting called a five-part Facebook
ad template that you could download
right now for free all you need to do is
click on the link in the video
description that'll take you through to
our website and you will be able to
download it there and of course I talked
it up but I talked about and the
benefits of this this five-part Facebook
ad template I talked about that it's got
really good performing ads in there you
could model from them etc etc that seems
to be the best way because I think
when someone's you know I'm seeing you
in front of the camera they've seen your
business they've seen there's something
real there when you've really talked up
the leap map you've really sold it
it helps overcome the objections that
people have about giving you their email
address in the first place so it's been
a really effective method of generating
email subscribers for us is to advertise
send people to our landing page but not
vana a direct image ad like most people
do it but to do it using a video ad and
have the link right at the end so em so
I've actually brought up this actually
before we have a look at the video let's
let quit explain something else so
there's two options whenever you create
a Facebook ad you can either create an
ad using this bit here and enter in all
the information or you can use existing
post now I would recommend that you
basically always click use existing post
and I'll tell you why if I can
demonstrate why so this video the one
that I've been talking about is the one
that's popped up send it in a second ago
now what you can see here is the title
of this video by the way is why you're
wasting your time with Facebook and it's
it's definitely controversial and that
has actually helped us because it helps
get attention on this video and of
course the attention hooks them in they
get valuable information from the video
and then we get the call to action and
the end up on a my email list so it's a
very very effective sort of step by step
process now the reason why I said call
it why you're wasting your time with
Facebook I'm not I should just quickly
explain saying the Facebook is a waste
of time I wouldn't be making this video
right now if that was the case what I'm
saying is most people are wasting their
time on Facebook because they do it
wrong and then I go on in the video to
explain what they need to do instead and
so this is the ad this is what it looks
like it's posted to our Facebook page
and I'm gonna explain a little bit about
the text in a second but I just want to
quickly get to something and that's the
social proof so you can see that this
and has had I think this video has had
130 thousand views something like that
in fact we had another version of this
video that I previously recorded that
had I think it got up to over 400,000
views but we recorded this and just took
that there are a few things I wanted to
change it it make it look a bit more
professional now this video has had
one point five thousand reactions so you
know basically fifteen hundred likes 341
comments and 254 shares that's a huge
amount of social proof what that means
is when people see this pop up in their
Facebook newsfeed
they're going to give it more attention
having all that social proof is
effectively like you know going on
TripAdvisor and seeing that a place has
got tons of reviews you're going to give
it more attention as a result and and
the reason why I would recommend use
existing post is because this one post
is used in all and any campaign that's
designed to advertise this leave back
there so let's say that as I mentioned
previously we have four or five
different ad sets four or five different
groups of people that we're targeting
now if we used create ad that we would
create four or five different ads and
all of this social proof down here would
be spread over four or five different
ads and it wouldn't look anywhere near
as impressive whereas my posting this ad
to our Facebook page and then selecting
used existing post all the social proof
is gathered on one ad and that just
means that you're going to build more
social proof you can have much better
reaction to your your ad and it's going
to help you generate email subscribers
for a lower cost okay so let's have a
quick look at the post itself which are
prepared up in a tab here so you can
I've just paused it right at the
beginning now we're to go through this
ad I'm going to talk through some of the
various options I know that a lot of
people could be quite they can find it
quite daunting to get in front of the
camera to create a video ad to create a
video ad that delivers a lot of value
and so I want to go through this and
break it down into its parts because I
know it can be a bit scary but honestly
guys it's nothing to worry about just do
it you'll be so happy you did once
you've done this a few times you'll get
good at it and if you can get a video
out up there like this that can generate
them in this video alone as generated
you know I think over 15,000 email
subscribers for us and it is so worth
you know taking a couple of hours to
make this thing and get and get it
created so let's let's hang on I just
need to unplug the microphone and you
should still be able to hear me but the
audio will be coming through a different
it might sound slightly different but
that way you'll be able to hear they
said this video then I'll play it out
okay
you're probably wasting your time and in
this video I'm going to explain why and
what you need to do on Facebook to
actually get results so there you go you
can see the intro there I haven't
introduced myself yet I've got in
straight with the reason why they want
to which watch the video you're probably
wasting your time watch this video right
now because it's gonna help you out and
then I go on to introduce myself so what
I've done here is I've just started by
really explaining the problem if you're
going to provide value with your video
and you're going to help people you know
in your target market its you something
they want often you need to explain
what's wrong with what they're currently
doing or what they've currently got in
the first place so that's what it's what
I've done that you know I've said look
no one's watching no one's putting out
there I'll show you how to fix that so
here guys are just really delivering the
value in the content I've explained the
problem I'm now telling them what they
need to do in order to fix them saying
you need to pay to promote your stuff on
Facebook
so that would be something education
some businesses
result
so I delivered the content now I'm just
quickly summarizing what I've included
in the video okay and now you can see
I'm starting to go into the
call-to-action so this is where I'm
really selling the five-part face book
and something which obviously now very
familiar with because we've been going
over at this whole video so you can see
that you know this is a three minute
long video and almost you know the last
fifty seconds is dedicated to this call
to action so couple of minutes a great
great content and then I'm really really
selling this lead magnet because in a
number of different industries I've
broken each ad down and explain what
we've included in each and why so if
you're looking to promote you'll find
this really really useful
you can obviously model from the
examples given and it should really help
you guys are as I said you can download
it right now for free all you need to do
is click on the link in the video
description above that will take you
through to our website and you'll be
able to download it there if you enjoyed
this video please give it a like
I really appreciate that and I thought
you see okay so let's pause it there and
get rid of that and then just ended with
click the link in the video description
to download the five part Facebook Ads
template so you noticed a few things on
that call to action in that call to
action at the end number one I mentioned
in this free at least twice really
important you can't tell people that
something is free often up as I
mentioned previously and I'm really
selling the benefits you know you could
model from the ads it'll help you get
better results etc etc so that is the
video ad format that I would that I
would very much recommend that you use I
know it can be scary to produce
something like that and but the results
of when when you have something like
that the results you get they're so much
better than if you do whatever an ounce
does which is basically just put up an
image out and hope for the best and that
it's really worth it you know I'm gonna
get into this more in a minute but you
know this this this video is generating
leads for us for around about a pound
each which current exchange rate for
those of you not familiar pounds is
probably one dollar thirty something
like that so and that's incredibly cheap
in comparison to what a lot of people
are paying for for leads and a lot of it
is because of this videos perform really
really well
now that's obviously the video aspect of
it and I'm going to talk about video
equipment in a minute because a lot of
you go and how on earth do I produce a
video app and to show you that you have
to do that I just want a quick ly cover
the the text that I've got included in
the ad in the yeah in the in the ad
itself so what you can see behind me
there I know I'm a little bit in the way
don't worry about that that just
basically is the type of video they
wouldn't see that anyway but this is the
text that you would see above the ads
and if we go back here it's this stuff
here so you can see above the video this
is exactly what they would see in their
in their newsfeed just like this and the
text is all I've done here is I
basically summarized the start of the
video and then I've got the call to
action for the Facebook ad template so
if you're trying to promote your
business on Facebook then you're
probably wasting your time and in this
video I explain why and what you need to
do to get results boom that's it that's
exactly how the video starts that's why
we do it in there and then I go into
I've also create a 5-pack Facebook ad
template vladov over all that
information is exactly what I just had
in the call-to-action
and then I linked to it very very simple
text including the ads so what you want
to do is you want go into a Facebook
page you want to upload this video you
want to give it a bit of text and then
you want to use existing post in your
ads in here and that's all set up and
ready to go by the way I will include a
link to this video on Facebook in the
video description so if you want to
check out this video and go through it
in your own time and really have a good
look through it and I'll make sure that
the links included so you can do that as
a setup feel free to model from this
video for your particular industry and
but in terms of video equipment how you
know how'd you go about produced
something like that all you need is a
couple of box lights very cheap and easy
to get on Amazon they produce a nice
soft light in fact I've got one and
shining on me right now just to
illuminate this a little bit make make
it look a little bit better and we've
got a DSLR camera that is on a tripod
you know any any decent camera that
Concorde in 1080p HD video is absolutely
fine and then we've got a lapel mic so
just something that plug into your
computer or plug into your camera that
you can record audio on that's all the
equipment you need then just do up
against a blank wall and that's really
all the equipment you need now to get
that sort of polished look and feel
about how you you know how your video
comes across what I do is I script out
the entire video so I write out every
single line obviously haven't done that
with this sort of video but that video
specifically have scripted out the
entire video and and then I delivered
each line individually I would read a
line sort of on the computer in front of
me memorize it then deliver it look up
and deliver it to the camera and then
I've got a video editor to then go in
and chop up all those little sections
you know all those sentences and move me
around the screen to make it more
interesting so if you look back through
the video I'll just quickly you are
going to hear the sound cuz I've got the
mic plug back in but if you just see
I'll you know I've delivered a sentence
in there you go I jump around the screen
deliver another sentence and that's
basically how it how it works I've got a
video to do that doesn't possible at all
you can find a video editor on on
upwork.com be very easy to do who can do
something like that for you now if you
do want me to go into a lot more detail
on creating these videos I
can create an entire long-form content
video just like this one all about that
going to all the detail from the you
know the editing process to the creation
process scripting process etc etc all
that if you want that though it's going
to be a lot of work for me guys so if
you want that make sure you leave a
comment below and ask ask me for that
specifically and I'll be happy to do
that but that's what I recommend create
a video like that not very long two to
four minutes long have a big old call to
action at the end of it you get people
to that landing page and get them to
opt-in for your lead magnet so let's
just jump quickly back into the ad
account here and it's basically nothing
else you need to worry about Facebook
pixel is all installed happy days don't
worry about that and then you can go
ahead and minimize that and I'm not
going to do it because I said we've
already got campaigns live but you'll
see there's a publish button or review
and publish button up there you just
want to click that and then your
campaign is live and good to go so what
we're now gonna do is we're going to go
back in to our overall sort of account
overall campaigns and we're going to
have a look at the result we've been
able to get from this and campaign
specifically because it's performed
really really well and I'll give you
some benchmarks of numbers you want to
target okay so we're still inside my
Facebook ad account and we're in ads
manager and we just gone to the campaign
level because just want to show you the
results we've been able to get and with
advertising this particular leap man
we've been talking about this whole
video the Facebook ad template and I
want to show you how we've been able to
get that using look-alike and custom
audiences really really important
features so you can see that this
campaign I think the video that was used
was created about five months ago and
it's generated almost 16,000 leads
fifteen thousand nine hundred eighty
three to be exact for an average cost of
one pounds and four pence each which is
absolutely fantastic now that's a really
really good cost per lead whereas we
know that our email subscribers are
gonna be worth much more to us I mean
basically gonna be worth more than that
to us over the next thirty days after
they become a subscriber but definitely
over you know years of being able to
market our products and services to them
so very very effective campaign what I
would say in terms of what you want to
aim for is if you can get your cost per
lead your cost per email subscriber
under $2 you're doing really really well
but
two two and three dollars is reasonable
and anything over three dollars is
probably a bit too expensive you
probably need to make some adjustments
now if you can follow all the steps in
this video and I said I did warn you
there's going to be in-depth if you can
create a fantastic lead magnet that
delivers value is appealing to your
target market and it's relevant to your
products and services if you can create
a fantastic landing page like the one I
showed you if you can create a great
Facebook campaign using the conversions
objective targeting the right people
finding them on audience insights and
then of course creating a great video ad
that advertises that lead magnet then I
am very confident you will be able to
get under that $2 mark and if you can
execute on all those properly so that's
sort of the benchmark of what you should
be aiming for let's go into this
campaign and have a quick look at some
stuff so the first thing that you will
see is that as I said I mentioned I'm a
really big one for testing really big
fan of testing lots of different
targeting options in particular now I
often test different ad copy when you're
creating a video ad that's not as
practical but you'd have to create so
many different ads I basically don't
bother I just create one ad and run with
it and but with targeting options who
your advertising to it's very easy to
test lots of different options so what
you'll see here is that within this
campaign there's 31 different ad sets so
we've tested 31 different groups of
people and to find out which perform
best and what you can see is you can you
can just kind of see that in action a
little bit here so this targeting for
example US 1% look-alikes I'm gonna
explain look-alikes in a minute
generated leads for 6 pounds 70 for each
which is way more expensive than these
two up here which is an average of you
know one point four one point at one
point zero for one point zero eight
pounds so you'll find that there's a big
variation targeting options that's why
it's important to test now let's go into
this ad set I've already selected this
one cuz I want to show you that top
one's a little bit more complicated
we'll show you in a minute but just now
I want to show you something really cool
and brutally important about this ad sir
so if I select edit I think I've
selected that it's just taking its time
yes it is indeed okay so what you can
see is it's called UK one
look-alike audience Facebook ad template
subscribers 21 plus so that's exactly
what it means it means we are
advertising to people that are 21 and
older in the UK and we are advertising
to look-alike audience of people that
have already opted in for the Facebook
ad template so to explain how to do this
in a minute but just so you know for
this ad set we are advertising to as you
can see here in the custom audiences
section look-alike 1% Facebook ad
template so what we basically done is
we've uploaded to Facebook the list of
people that have already opted in for
our Facebook ad template and we've sent
to facebook create a son look-alike
audience out of these people because
that's who I want to that's who I want
to advertise to because I know they're
highly likely to be interested in the ad
template as well good explain what that
means but that's how by using look-alike
audiences and if I that's basically all
the information you need to know on
there if I am I'll just show you here
that we've got look-alike audiences
throughout all of these the vast
majority of these and set targeting
options are look-alike audience there's
a lot of them in different countries so
look-alike audiences are absolutely key
to being able to generate a really low
cost per email subscriber and and of
course let's go in and talk about custom
audiences and look-alike audience it's
in our audiences tab now okay so here we
are now inside the audiences tab and
here you can create custom audiences
look-alike audience all that cool stuff
that I'm going to show you how to do
right now and you get here by the way
just by clicking on the three lines on
top left and as I do so obviously you
just click on audiences and you'll come
into here I've just opened up a new tab
to make it a little bit more
straightforward so from within here I'm
going to show you how to create both
custom and look-alike audiences because
they're absolutely integral to any sort
of facebook advertising efforts if you
can use these properly custom audiences
and look-alike audiences and they will
improve your facebook ad results as
simple as that they are so effective and
you saw that the great results we're
getting on this lead magnet campaign
advertising our Facebook ad template
comes from in an enlarged part from
look-alike audiences those are the
audiences those are the people that were
advertising to see absolutely
want to include those so I'm gonna start
with custom audiences and because that's
you kind of need to create a custom
audience anyway to create a look-alike
audience a lot of the time so what is it
custom audience well custom audience is
basically a group of people that are
already aware to some extent of your
business there's already some been some
sort of interaction now these people are
often fantastic people to advertise to
because they're far more likely to take
your desired action if they've already
interacted with your business you're
they're far more likely to buy your
products and services or in this case
opt-in for a lead magnet and join our
email list which is what we want to do
so there are a number of different
options when it comes to creating a
custom audience when it goes through
some of the more commonly used ones so
you've got customer file you click on
that so let's say for example you're
building an email list like we are like
I'm showing you how to do in this video
and you want to advertise specifically
to the people on your email list which
is often something that I would
recommend you do and again a fantastic
warm audience to advertise to particular
if you're gonna offer some some direct
if you're gonna directly offer products
or services or some sort of high-value
items then this is often a fantastic
audience for that and so we can do is
you can go ahead and click on this
button it says add customers from your
own file this all should pop up in a sec
there you go and you can just very
simply upload a file here a CSV or txt
file and then you should need to match
the field so you need to say oh this
email address is email once you've done
it it's very straightforward or you can
just copy and paste it in name your
audience and then just finish that I'm
gonna go back though and the other
option of course if you have a MailChimp
account and then then you can directly
import these your your email lists
whatever information you have on
MailChimp just makes it basically more
straightforward than having to download
a file and andrey upload it we use
MailChimp quite a lot so so we often use
that that's customer file great custom
audience to create an to advertise to
and what are the most common one ones we
use all the time I get rid of that is
website traffic so you have to remember
that near the beginning of this video I
talked about installing the Facebook
pixel how important that is remember
there will be a link to another video in
the description of this video and then
I'll show you how to do that
actually watch sadly if you haven't got
the Facebook pixel installed and one of
the reasons for that was because you can
retarget people that have misses your
website which is a fantastic custom
audience to target for building an email
list so if you've got people that are
visiting your email list then I'd
strongly recommend you come in and you
create a custom audience out of all
website visitors 30 days is about the
right amount of time any more than that
and they probably won't remember that
they interacted with your business or
visited your website and but within that
30 day window there they're warm
prospects you can get them onto email
lists with your ad that's a great
audience target for a lead magnet
campaign of course there are other
options in here there's things like you
could target people at visitors specific
pages people who spend time a certain
amount of time on your website but for
the purposes of retargeting people that
have visited your website to get them on
your email list via the campaign that
I've shown you how to create I would go
with all website visitors in the past 30
days all I need to do is give your
audience a name and select create
audience and you up and by the way with
these custom audiences where you input
them into your campaign so you could
target these people is exactly what I
just showed you with that look-alike
audience so where that look-alike
audience is in the ad said that I just
showed you that's where you can enter in
custom own is is look-alike ordinances
all this stuff and then you'll be
specifically targeting those people app
activity not gonna worry about tsveti
self-explanatory offline activity also
not gonna worry about you're very
unlikely to use that engagement is one
of the other big ones there's a whole
bunch of options here I'm not going to
go through each one there's two that we
use most commonly and that most people
use on one is video so let's say for
example you've got your campaign up and
running you've got your video ad going
and you know you're generating results
but obviously not everyone that watches
your video is going to opt if you leave
back it's like only a small percentage
ever are well you can retarget people
that have watched so well in fact let's
go into this and have a look so you can
pre target people based on the video
that they watched how much of a video
they've watched so let's say for example
you want you only want to advertise your
lead magnet again to people that have
watched 50% of your video then you just
go in its choose videos I won't do it
now B go in and choose that video I'd
probably recommend
shortening that time when it's about the
30-day mark given a name but this can be
very effective because obviously for
someone to hear about your lead magnet
they need to make it all the way to the
end of your video by the method that
I've shown you but if someone's watched
you know 50% or you know 75% of your
video but not quite made it to the
call-to-action they're still highly
likely to be interested in your lead
magnet okay so being able to advertise
these people again it's really really
valuable of course if you've got other
video content up on Facebook then I'd
strongly recommend you create an ad set
that specifically targets these people
as well because those people are
definitely going to be interested in
opting in for your lead magnet so
there's sort of two case studies and oh
by the way the ads that you would use
that you would use for the retargeting
is exactly same ad you can use exact
same video ad if someone's watch 50% of
it and it's a good chance they'll watch
all of it if you put it in front of them
again okay so don't feel like you need a
specific retargeting ad here you can go
ahead and do that but this is definitely
a targeting option that I would use if
you've already put video content out on
Facebook and you're looking to advertise
and and you've got views on that
fantastic if not wait for a month maybe
six weeks after your campaigns been live
and come and set up an ad set the
targets people I would probably start
with more than 50% of the video we
target those people cuz there's a good
chance they'll end up signing up for
your lead magnet and get ending up on
your email list okay so let's go back
and so video is one of the quads the
other one is the Facebook so depending
on what sort of activity you've done on
Facebook so far you know how much
advertising have you done how big what
sort of Facebook following do you have
do you have you know 80,000 plus plus
page likes like we do or you've got a
brand new page except such a will really
depend on whether you can use this and
how effective it will be for you but
let's say you have been very active on
Facebook you've got a lot of engagement
advertising your lead magnets people
that have engaged with your Facebook
page is another great option that I'd
recommend you test these people you know
this targeting can often result in a
really low cost per email subscriber and
there are a number of different options
as they were before so you can advertise
to anyone engage with your page which is
obviously the broadest targeting and
that'll have the largest audience or
can be kind of specific so you can
people who have engaged with a post or
an ad people have clicked a call to
action button etc etc what I would
recommend for the purposes of this video
if your lead magnet campaign
it's just select everyone engaged with
your page and once again reduce that to
30 days if someone engage with your page
six months ago then not that's
completely forgot about you but within
the last thirty there's a good chance
they'll remember you and they'll be more
likely to opt in for your if your lead
magnet as a result so the few things
that I would recommend and then
obviously give it a name great audience
you're good to go so a few things I'd
recommend terms of custom audiences is
obviously you know we're not going to be
advertising to our email list because
the whole purpose of this is to build an
email list so there's no point at those
people but definitely website traffic
people have missed your website and then
engagement people who have watched your
video particularly after it's been
running for a while and people who've
engaged with your Facebook page the
three custom audiences that I strongly
recommend you use and if we just pop
back over here and go into edit I'll
just take a second to come up and then
I'll scroll down and then you just enter
in your custom audiences in here so
we've got to look like one so what I
won't edit this but you can just go
ahead and enter the name of whatever you
called custom audience in here boom and
you're good to go and you're good to
advertise so let's go back in here now
that's custom audiences quickly covered
and I hope you you know you kind of get
a bit excited when you hear about
customers you can see the potential with
them it's absolutely fantastic and in my
opinion
look like audiences are even better so
let's go through look-alike audience is
quite quickly they're actually quite
simple so to create a look-alike
audience I'll explain what they are to
start with when you ask Facebook to
create an look-alike audience for you
what you're basically saying is here's a
group of people I want you to create an
audience for me that um that contains
people that are very similar to this
group that I've given to you as a source
audience so let's say for example we
were to take your your email list okay
let's say we were to take people who
let's say you know you've got an email
list of you know 500 people as an
example if we were to then use that as a
source audience up
to Facebook and then create a look-alike
audience from that source audience
Facebook would create when creative
audience a group of people that you can
advertise to that are very similar to
the people that are already on your
email list now I know that's a little
bit complicated hopefully you can
understand as I'm explaining it but what
that means is that I mean that's a
fantastic targeting option because the
people that are very similar to your
existing email subscribers are very
likely to join your email list and be
interested in your lead magnet and
that's exactly what we're doing in these
campaigns over here look this is a
look-alike audience based on our
Facebook ad template subscribers so we
aren't advertising to people that look
like our existing subscribers okay
hopefully that makes sense and that's so
powerful because Facebook have got so
much incredible data about all their
users that these look-alike audiences
are so accurate and as you can see from
this campaign over here most of the
campaigns that we're running once we've
been running it for a while we're
advertising
we're always advertising to look-alike
audiences and often we're only
advertising to look like audiences and
custom audiences we don't have any other
cult targeting options going now of
course the audience insights stuff I
showed you earlier is important for when
you first get started because you may
not have any source audiences to create
look-alike audiences and but so it's
important to go through that process but
after a while often we're just targeting
look-alike audience is basically
Facebook knows best so as a source
audience you can use any custom audience
or your page so for example if I had 25%
video view this just popped up so that
contains everyone who's watched at least
25% of one of my videos in facebook now
I just need to choose a location so I
can go ahead and select a country I'm
gonna go for United Kingdom just go for
one at a time
and then you need to select a percentage
of that country that you want to be
included in the look-alike so for a
country like the UK I'd start with 1%
UK's got enough Facebook users that
Chuck's out you know four hundred and
fifteen thousand or so Facebook users in
that audience plenty big enough
obviously if you're in the US or another
country with a large population they
definitely start with one percent you
don't use go any larger if you're in a
small European country there's got maybe
five you know maybe five million
Facebook users then one percent might be
a bit small you might want to go with a
slightly larger percentage and but I'd
recommend one percent and what this
basically means is if I click create
audience now what Facebook will do is
they will create an or they will find
the one percent of people in the UK that
are most like across all their data
points the people that are in this
custom audience so this custom audience
is twenty five percent video viewers and
so that's who it's going to contain now
the source audience I would recommend
you use primarily is existing email
subscribers because that's going to be
the most accurate we want more email
subscribers so therefore we use a source
audience of existing email subscribers
this principle works across Facebook so
if you're looking for sales you want to
use look like audience of people that
have already bought if you're looking
for leads you want to use a look-alike
audience of people that have already
inquired etc etcetera I hope that makes
sense but then you just want to click
I'm not gonna do it now because I don't
need this custom audience button you
just click create audience and you are
good to go that'll take a little bit of
time to populate and you're ready to use
them and honestly I think without
look-alike audience is Facebook would
probably be twenty thirty percent less
effective as an advertising platform
it's such a brilliant feature you really
we need to come in and use it and if
this is if I've gone over this too
quickly I'm conscious making this video
too long then leave a comment below let
me know if you want this and going to do
a whole video and look like audiences
happily do I go into a lot more detail
explain exactly how they work and the
various options that you can use but you
just want to go ahead and click create
audience for now I'm going to cancel and
then again you come back in here and you
select your look-alike audience here
just as I have done okay so we've
covered an enormous amount of stuff in
this video I hope you find it
tremendously valuable
I have literally laid out the entire
process everything that I've learned
over years and years of building email
lists for own businesses for clients
businesses it's all kind of I tried to
condense it as much as possible into one
video and you know I mean we covered a
ton ton of stuff here we covered lead
magnets what to include you know that if
that has to be valuable relevant to your
products and services highly appealing
to your target market we talked about
landing pages and how to create a really
high converting landing page we went
into the Facebook ad campaign for that
conversion campaigns how important the
Facebook pixel is and links on how to
set that up we went into the ad set
level talked to all about targeting
options and that talks about the ad
itself creating a great short video with
really useful valuable information that
then has a call to action at the end
that obviously fuels the whole process
and gets people to opt in for your lead
magnet and join your email right of
course at the end almost forgot
obviously we just did it and custom
audiences and look-alike audiences which
are key not just to these this sort of
Facebook advertising campaign but to all
Facebook advertising campaigns really
should be featuring those two things now
one thing I would recommend the first
thing you should do if you're at the end
going okay where do I start
start with your lead magnet so what I
recommend you do is click on the link in
the video description go through to our
landing page sign up for my lead magnet
see the process then you've got the
landing page there you can have a look
at you've got the lead magnet create
your own lead magnet first and model
from it and what I would say guys one
thing I'd like you guys to do I think
this would be really useful for you and
quite fun would be if you can leave a
comment below this video with the title
of your lead map let me know what you're
going to create as a leave back there
and I can't promise I'll do it every day
but I'll come back in to this video and
I'll answer and you know I'll make a
note on the title of your lead magnet
let you know what I think whether it's
good whether I think you need to adjust
it because that's one place that I know
people get really stuck with this
strategy is on the lead magnet and I'm
happy to give advice and let you know if
I think you're on the right track or the
wrong track and all that sort of stuff
and if there's anything else in this
video that you want me to go through in
a lot more detail like maybe you didn't
understand look-alike audiences very
well or maybe you're going I need more
help installing the Facebook pixel I
know some of this stuff can get quite
technical quite complicated I'm very
happy to create you know a much more
in-depth tutorial on any of those one
individual items so again leave a
comment below let me know I now let's
see what I can do if you did enjoy this
please give it a thumbs up and subscribe
I would really
we appreciate that hopefully obviously I
see you guys inside of my email is very
soon when you go ahead and download that
Facebook ad template and see the process
and yeah I'll talk to you in the next
video guys
you